Update release announcement for v1.32 (#48955)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-12-11-Kubernetes-v1-32-Release/index.md

Author: Whoops, solved!

This work was done as a part of [KEP #1967](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/1967), by [SIG
Node](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-node).

### Bound service account token improvement

The inclusion of the node name in the service account token claims allows users to use such information during 

> authorization and admission (Validating Admission Policy). 

Author: Solved!

This work was done as part of [KEP #4818](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/4818) by [SIG
Node](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-node).

### DRA: Standardized network interface data for resource claim status

This enhancement adds a new field that allows drivers to report specific device status data for each allocated object 

> in a resource claim. It also establishes a standardized way to represent networking devices information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a ResourceClaim. It also establishes a standardized way to represent networking devices information.
```

Author: Yep, good catch!

This work was done as a part of 
[KEP #4817](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/4817), by 
[SIG Network](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-network).

### New statusz and flagz endpoints for core components

> New `/statusz` and `/flagz` endpoints added for core components (consumable via API only) to enhance debuggability 

Reviewer: OK to merge, but: what does “consumable via API only“ mean? Will I find these in OpenAPI and see SubjectAccessReviews when I query them (my guess is: no).

Try something like:
```markdown
You can enable two new  HTTP endpoints, `/statusz` and `/flagz`, for core components. These enhance cluster
debuggability
````

Author: Agreed!

by gaining insight into what versions (e.g. Golang version) that component is running as, along with details 
about its uptime, and which command line flags that component was executed with; 
making it easier to diagnose both runtime and configuration issues.

This work was done as part of 
[KEP #4827](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/4827) 
and [KEP #4828](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/4828) by 
[SIG Instrumentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-instrumentation).

### Windows strikes back!

Support for graceful shutdowns of Windows nodes in Kubernetes clusters has been added. 
Before this release, Kubernetes provided graceful node shutdown functionality for Linux nodes 
but lacked equivalent support for Windows. This enhancement enables the kubelet on Windows nodes to handle system 
shutdown events properly. Doing so, it ensures that Pods running on Windows nodes are gracefully terminated, 
allowing workloads to be rescheduled without disruption. This improvement enhances the reliability and stability 
of clusters that include Windows nodes, especially during a planned maintenance or any system updates.

> Moreover CPU and memory affinity support has been added for Windows nodes with CPUManager, MemoryManager and TopologyManager.

Reviewer: Following docs style, we write those names in sentence case (otherwise they might look like API kinds)
```suggestion
Moreover CPU and memory affinity support has been added for Windows nodes, with improvements
to the CPU manager, memory manager and topology manager.
```

Author: Solved!

- [SIG k8s Infra](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-k8s-infra) and [SIG
Testing](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-testing) - for the outstanding work in keeping the
testing framework in check, along with all the infra components necessary;
- [SIG Release](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-release) and
all the release managers - for the incredible support provided throughout the orchestration of the entire release, 

> addressing even the most challenging issues in a graceful and timely manner;

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
addressing even the most challenging issues in a graceful and timely manner.
```

Author: Thanks!
